---
title: Indometh
layout: page
permalink: /dataset/:slug
---
<div id="dataset-info">
<h2>Pharmacokinetics of Indomethacin</h2>
<p>The <code>Indometh</code> data frame has 66 rows and 3 columns of data on the pharmacokinetics of indometacin (or, older spelling, ‘indomethacin’).</p>
<h3>Usage</h3>
<pre>Indometh</pre>
<h3>Format</h3>
<p>An object of class <code>c("nfnGroupedData", "nfGroupedData", "groupedData", "data.frame")</code> containing the following columns:</p>
<dl>
<dt>Subject</dt>
<dd>
<p>an ordered factor with containing the subject codes. The ordering is according to increasing maximum response.</p>
</dd>
<dt>time</dt>
<dd>
<p>a numeric vector of times at which blood samples were drawn (hr).</p>
</dd>
<dt>conc</dt>
<dd>
<p>a numeric vector of plasma concentrations of indometacin (mcg/ml).</p>
</dd>
</dl>
<h3>Details</h3>
<p>Each of the six subjects were given an intravenous injection of indometacin.</p>
<p>This dataset was originally part of package <code>nlme</code>, and that has methods (including for <code>[</code>, <code>as.data.frame</code>, <code>plot</code> and <code>print</code>) for its grouped-data classes.</p>
<h3>Source</h3>
<p>Kwan, Breault, Umbenhauer, McMahon and Duggan (1976) Kinetics of Indomethacin absorption, elimination, and enterohepatic circulation in man. <em>Journal of Pharmacokinetics and Biopharmaceutics</em> <b>4</b>, 255–280.</p>
<p>Davidian, M. and Giltinan, D. M. (1995) <em>Nonlinear Models for Repeated Measurement Data</em>, Chapman &amp; Hall (section 5.2.4, p. 129)</p>
<p>Pinheiro, J. C. and Bates, D. M. (2000) <em>Mixed-effects Models in S and S-PLUS</em>, Springer.</p>
<h3>See Also</h3>
<p><code>SSbiexp</code> for models fitted to this dataset.</p></div>
<p id="dataset-attachments">Attachments: <code><a target="_blank" href="/assets/data/csv/dataset-58856.csv">csv</a></code>, <code><a target="_blank" href="/assets/data/json/dataset-58856.json">json</a></code></p>
<div id="dataset-iframe">
{% highlight html %}
<iframe src="https://pmagunia.com/iframe/indometh.html" width="100%" height="100%" style="border:0px"></iframe>
{% endhighlight %}
</div>
<div id="grid"></div>
<script>let json_file = 'dataset-58856.json';</script>