---
title: Theoph
layout: page
permalink: /dataset/:slug
---
<div id="dataset-info">
<h2>Pharmacokinetics of Theophylline</h2>
<p>The <code>Theoph</code> data frame has 132 rows and 5 columns of data from an experiment on the pharmacokinetics of theophylline.</p>
<h3>Usage</h3>
<pre>Theoph</pre>
<h3>Format</h3>
<p>An object of class <code>c("nfnGroupedData", "nfGroupedData", "groupedData", "data.frame")</code> containing the following columns:</p>
<dl>
<dt>Subject</dt>
<dd>
<p>an ordered factor with levels <code>1</code>, ..., <code>12</code> identifying the subject on whom the observation was made. The ordering is by increasing maximum concentration of theophylline observed.</p>
</dd>
<dt>Wt</dt>
<dd>
<p>weight of the subject (kg).</p>
</dd>
<dt>Dose</dt>
<dd>
<p>dose of theophylline administered orally to the subject (mg/kg).</p>
</dd>
<dt>Time</dt>
<dd>
<p>time since drug administration when the sample was drawn (hr).</p>
</dd>
<dt>conc</dt>
<dd>
<p>theophylline concentration in the sample (mg/L).</p>
</dd>
</dl>
<h3>Details</h3>
<p>Boeckmann, Sheiner and Beal (1994) report data from a study by Dr. Robert Upton of the kinetics of the anti-asthmatic drug theophylline. Twelve subjects were given oral doses of theophylline then serum concentrations were measured at 11 time points over the next 25 hours.</p>
<p>These data are analyzed in Davidian and Giltinan (1995) and Pinheiro and Bates (2000) using a two-compartment open pharmacokinetic model, for which a self-starting model function, <code>SSfol</code>, is available.</p>
<p>This dataset was originally part of package <code>nlme</code>, and that has methods (including for <code>[</code>, <code>as.data.frame</code>, <code>plot</code> and <code>print</code>) for its grouped-data classes.</p>
<h3>Source</h3>
<p>Boeckmann, A. J., Sheiner, L. B. and Beal, S. L. (1994), <em>NONMEM Users Guide: Part V</em>, NONMEM Project Group, University of California, San Francisco.</p>
<p>Davidian, M. and Giltinan, D. M. (1995) <em>Nonlinear Models for Repeated Measurement Data</em>, Chapman &amp; Hall (section 5.5, p. 145 and section 6.6, p. 176)</p>
<p>Pinheiro, J. C. and Bates, D. M. (2000) <em>Mixed-effects Models in S and S-PLUS</em>, Springer (Appendix A.29)</p>
<h3>See Also</h3>
<p><code>SSfol</code></p>
<h3>Examples</h3>
<pre>
require(stats); require(graphics)
coplot(conc ~ Time | Subject, data = Theoph, show.given = FALSE)
Theoph.4 &lt;- subset(Theoph, Subject == 4)
fm1 &lt;- nls(conc ~ SSfol(Dose, Time, lKe, lKa, lCl),
 data = Theoph.4)
summary(fm1)
plot(conc ~ Time, data = Theoph.4,
 xlab = "Time since drug administration (hr)",
 ylab = "Theophylline concentration (mg/L)",
 main = "Observed concentrations and fitted model",
 sub= "Theophylline data - Subject 4 only",
 las = 1, col = 4)
xvals &lt;- seq(0, par("usr")[2], length.out = 55)
lines(xvals, predict(fm1, newdata = list(Time = xvals)),
col = 4)
</pre></div>
<p id="dataset-attachments">Attachments: <code><a target="_blank" href="/assets/data/csv/dataset-28272.csv">csv</a></code>, <code><a target="_blank" href="/assets/data/json/dataset-28272.json">json</a></code></p>
<div id="dataset-iframe">
{% highlight html %}
<iframe src="https://pmagunia.com/iframe/theoph.html" width="100%" height="100%" style="border:0px"></iframe>
{% endhighlight %}
</div>
<div id="grid"></div>
<script>let json_file = 'dataset-28272.json';</script>