---
title: US Baby Names in 2015
layout: page
permalink: /dataset/:slug
---
<div id="dataset-info">
<h2>2015 US Baby Names</h2>
<p>For each year of birth YYYY after 1879, the Social Security Administration created a dataset which has the format "name,sex,number," where name is 2 to 15 characters, sex is M (male) or F (female) and "number" is the number of occurrences of the name. Each dataset is sorted first on sex and then on number of occurrences in descending order. When there is a tie on the number of occurrences, names are listed in alphabetical order. This sorting makes it easy to determine a name's rank. The first record for each sex has rank 1, the second record for each sex has rank 2, and so forth.</p>
<p>To safeguard privacy, we restrict our list of names to those with at least 5 occurrences. The original dataset can be found at <a href="https://www.ssa.gov/oact/babynames/limits.html">https://www.ssa.gov/oact/babynames/limits.html</a></p>
<h3>History</h3>
<p>In 1998, the Social Security Administration published Actuarial Note #139, Name Distributions in the Social Security Area, August 1997, on the distribution of given names of Social Security number holders. The note, written by actuary Michael W. Shackleford, gave birth to these datasets.</p>
<h3>Data Source</h3>
<p>All names are from Social Security card applications for births that occurred in the United States after 1879. Note that many people born before 1937 never applied for a Social Security card, so their names are not included in our data. For others who did apply, our records may not show the place of birth, and again their names are not included in our data.</p>
<h3>Data qualifications</h3>
<p>People using our data on popular names are urged to explicitly acknowledge the following qualifications.</p>
<ol>
<li>Names are restricted to cases where the year of birth, sex, State of birth (50 States and District of Columbia) are on record, and where the given name is at least 2 characters long.</li>
<li>Name data are not edited. For example, the sex associated with a name may be incorrect. Entries such as "Unknown" and "Baby" are not removed from the lists.</li>
<li>Different spellings of similar names are not combined. For example, the names Caitlin, Caitlyn, Kaitlin, Kaitlyn, Kaitlynn, Katelyn, and Katelynn are considered separate names and each has its own rank.</li>
<li>When two different names are tied with the same frequency for a given year of birth, we break the tie by assigning rank in alphabetical order.</li>
<li>Some names are applied to both males and females (for example, Micah). Our rankings are done by sex, so that a name such as Micah will have a different rank for males as compared to females. When you seek the popularity of a specific name (see "Popularity of a Name"), you can specify the sex. If you do not specify the sex, we provide rankings for the more popular name-sex combination.</li>
</ol></div>
<p id="dataset-attachments">Attachments: <code><a target="_blank" href="/assets/data/csv/dataset-47139.csv">csv</a></code>, <code><a target="_blank" href="/assets/data/json/dataset-47139.json">json</a></code></p>
<div id="dataset-iframe">
{% highlight html %}
<iframe src="https://pmagunia.com/iframe/us-baby-names-2015.html" width="100%" height="100%" style="border:0px"></iframe>
{% endhighlight %}
</div>
<div id="grid"></div>
<script>let json_file = 'dataset-47139.json';</script>