---
title: Terms of Use
author: North Penn Networks Limited
layout: page
---
<p><strong>Disclaimer of Warranty</strong></p><p>THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE SITE OR ITS SERVICES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THE SITE OWNERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE SITE AND SERVICES "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE AND SERVICES IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE SITE OR SERVICES PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW WILL ANY SITE OWNER, SERVICE PROVIDER, COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR SERVICES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES.</p>
<p><strong>Limitation of Liability</strong></p><p>IN NO EVENT WILL THE SITE OWNERS, COPYRIGHT HOLDERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, AFFILIATES, OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS, USE, MISUSE, OR INABILITY TO USE THE CONTENT, SERVICE OR ANY LINKED SITES.</p><p>IN NO EVENT WILL THE SITE OWNERS, COPYRIGHT HOLDERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, AFFILIATES, OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST OR CORRUPTED DATA, USER CONTENT OR UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY ACCESS TO ANY DATA OR USER CONTENT.</p><p>IN NO EVENT WILL THE SITE OWNERS, COPYRIGHT HOLDERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, AFFILIATES, OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICE BE LIABLE FOR FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, OR OR SYSTEM FAILURE. IN THE EVENT THAT YOU HAVE A DISPUTE WITH ANOTHER USER IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH YOUR USE OF THIS SITE OR SERVICE, YOU RELEASE THE SITE OWNERS, COPYRIGHT HOLDERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, AND AFFILIATES FROM ANY CLAIMS, DEMANDS, AND DAMAGES OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH A DISPUTE.</p>
