---
title: Insight
author: pmagunia
layout: page
permalink: /:slug.html
---
- Meditation helps me remember to calm down.
- "Our minds are built to get used to stuff."
- "We don’t realize our minds are built to get used to stuff."
- "The honeymoon ends." -Unknown
- Liberation is the one and only path.
- You don’t have to give up lay life to reach nirvana.
- In society, specialization can not exist without cooperation.
- There is no never-ending fountain.
- Love and hate can not coexist.
- It’s a gift from God. Lemonade.
- "The wisdom of not-doing." -Unknown
- Freedom's edge is a razor.
- Happiness is never expecting we will be happy again.
- The path to enlightenment can begin at any moment.
- Don’t get involved with married people.
- In the end, nobody else can go with you.
- "Life is ultimately unsatisfactory [millionaires]." -The Buddha 
- Karma demands rebirth.
- I’m not going to achieve nirvana in this lifetime, but may be I will have an auspicious rebirth.
- "A picture of a dog is not the dog." - Nanette
- Sexual desire can be mistaken as romantic love.
- "When hungry eat, when tired sleep." -Zen proverb
- The unborn: potential energy, uncarved block of wood.
- Pause.
- "Thinking is suffering." -Being Nobody, Going Nowhere.
- I am pure awareness.
- Embrace the 4 Friends: Loving-kindness, equanimity, compassion, sympathetic joy.
- Shun 5 hindrances: sensual desire, ill will, sloth and torpor, restlessness and worry, and doubt.
- The 8 Worldly Winds: Praise and Blame, Gain and Loss, Success and Failure, Pleasure and Pain.
- Desire is the rock Sisyphus rolls up the mountain.
- Social interaction can brighten one’s mood.
- Just this breath...
- "Sorry caffeine is also an intoxicant." -The Householder's Vinaya
- "Boys only want love if its torture." -Taylor Swift
