---
title: Privacy Policy
author: pmagunia
layout: page
redirect_from: /2017/01/01/privacy.html
---
<p>I have a strong commitment to privacy on the Internet. I want my site to be useful and informative to you. You may thus have the opportunity to provide personal information and data through my site. This Statement sets forth my privacy policy for this website and describes the procedures I follow to respect the privacy of visitors to this site and their information.</p><p>If you are merely visiting my website, you are not required to provide any personal information. If you would like to learn more about me, you will have the opportunity to provide information so that I can contact you. I will ask you for basic contact information such as your name and e-mail address. With respect to the collection of this information, I disclaim any legal duty to verify the accuracy of any personal information that you provide to us through my website.</p><p>I may also collect and process the following data about you:</p><ul><li>If you contact me, I may keep a record of that correspondence.</li></ul><p>My intent is not to collect any sensitive personal information from you. Sensitive personal information includes but is not limited to: race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or other similar beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life or criminal record. I request that you do not provide us with sensitive personal information of this nature.</p><p>I do not use cookies or Google Analytics. I will collect personal information only to contact you in regards to the specific purpose for which you have submitted that information. For example, I may contact you in response to your inquiry to provide information about me, my services, or about careers with me. Your email address or name will be not be shared with other parties.</p><p>I will not sell, rent or lease your personal information. I will not collect or compile personally identifying information for third parties for their unsolicited marketing activities or for consumer marketing initiatives. I use Google reCaptcha to prevent automatated spam submissions. You may want to review their privacy policy which is different than mine.</p><p>The only circumstance in which I will disclose your personally identifiable information would be if I am required to do so by law through a subpoena, search warrant, court order or other legal process. In such cases, I will make a good faith effort to provide only information that is the subject of the official order or request.</p><p>The personally identifiable information you provide will be kept as long as the information is required to satisfy the purpose for which you provided it or until you request that I delete it. I do not assume responsibility for verifying the ongoing accuracy of the information you provide. If you inform us that your information has changed, I will make appropriate corrections to reflect the updated information that you provide.</p><p>I have technological and operational security functions in place to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. No one else has access to this personal information.</p><p>I would like to inform you that the servers hosting my website are located in the United States. If you submit personal information from outside of the United States, your information will be transferred to my servers in the United States, a country which may not ensure the same level of personal information security as your local place of residence</p><p>Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although I will do my best to protect your personal data, I cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to and from my site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once I have received your information, I will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.</p><p>My website may link to a third party site. I assume no responsibility for the information practices of websites to which my site provides links. When you follow a link to another website, my privacy practices and the terms of use no longer apply. You should review each sites privacy and security policies to determine such their practices and whether you wish to disclose personally identifiable information to them.</p><p>I understands the importance of protecting childrens privacy in an online environment. This website does not intentionally target or solicit children 13 and under. It is my policy not to knowingly collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.</p><p>I reserve the right to amend this Privacy Statement at any time and for any reason without notifying users. Please periodically check my privacy policy to make yourself aware of any changes.</p>
