---
title: Moments
author: pmagunia
layout: page
permalink: /statistics/:slug.html
redirect_from: /moments.html
---

The <strong>mean</strong> is an another name for the average. You can think of the mean as a typical representative value of all the observations in 
a set. The <strong>standard deviation</strong> is a measure of the "spread" of the data. For example, if in a set of observations, the data was not concentrated around the mean, then that dataset would have a high standard deviation. If all the data, was concentrated around some single value, then that dataset would have a low standard deviation. The standard deviation squared is the variance. Another name for these measurements are <strong>moments</strong>.

The following are formal methods of computing the sample mean and sample variance, respectively

$$\bar{x}=\frac{x_1\,+\,x_2\,+\,\cdot\cdot\cdot\,+x_n}{n} \\ s^2=\displaystyle \frac{1}{n-1} \sum_{i=0}^n(x_i\,-\,\bar{x})^2$$

<p>It should be noted that these calculutions are for a sample. If the entire population is used to compute these values then these equations would look like this:</p>

<p>$$\mu=\frac{x_1\,+\,x_2\,+\,\cdot\cdot\cdot\,+x_N}{N} \\ \sigma^2=\displaystyle \frac{1}{N} \sum_{i=0}^N (x_i\,-\,\mu)^2$$</p>

<p>Note that the greek letters have replaced the symbols for sample mean and sample variance; the population size, $N$ has replaced the sample size, $n$ to symbolize we are talking about population parameters. We do not subtract unity because we are no longer estimating.</p>

<p>Use the <a href="https://stat.tetragy.com/operation/summary">R summary widget</a> to compute the first moment for sample datasets. A <a href="/operation/sd">standard deviation widget</a> is used to compute the second moment.</p>
