---
title: Picostat Endings
author: pmagunia
comments: true
layout: page
permalink: /technology/:slug.html
redirect_from: /2018/07/18/endings.html
---
<p>I used to have a number of R Datasets available for download and visual inspection. They were cloned from the datasets found in R, and I created <a href="https://github.com/mleibman/SlickGrid">Slickgrid</a>-enabled webpages out of the data for easy inspection. I also added support for dataset management and basic statistical operations. At one point there were 3,000 visitors to the site every month.</p>

<p>The project was a part of Quadstat and Picostat which has since been dismantled, perhaps indefinitely. Information on the opensource version of Picostat can be found on <a href="https://www.drupal.org/project/quadstat">Drupal</a>. There you can find documentation on how to configure and manage a Drupal 8-based Quadstat image. You can create your own statistical applications with R as the backend.</p>

<p>If you find the datasets useful, you can star the Github repository above or contribute to the <a href="https://www.r-project.org">R project</a>. After 15 years, I'm not planning on developing the project anymore. I learned alot about programming from Quadststat and Picostat and started my freelancing career on Upwork thanks to skills I learned.</p>

<p>Picostat had a little bit of everything. JavaScript, PHP, AWS MySQL, Git, and even Linux. If anyone is thinking about switching careers to software engineering, I highly recommend starting your own website development project. You'll have a lot of fun and practice your skills with the tools of the trade. Getting a degree in computer science would help your prospects of landing that first job, but I've known many people without a degree in computers make a living in IT. I believe right now the field is so undersaturated that finding a steady hand is hard to come by.</p>

<p>It's certainly possible to make a living on Upwork freelancing. Over a 5 year period, I've made more than six figures working part-time. Although I didn't start from scratch: I did have education so that certainly helps but is not required.</p>
