---
title: Insight and Thoughts
author: pmagunia
layout: page
permalink: /spirituality/:slug.html
redirect_from: /insights.html
---
- "The unreal never is: the Real never is not." *BG 2:16*
- "Beyond the power of sword and fire, beyond the power of waters and winds, the Spirit is everlasting, omnipresent, never-changing, never-moving, ever One." *BG 2:24*
- "When wisdom is thine, Arjuna, nevermore shalt thou be in confusion; for thou shalt see all things in thy heart, and thou shalt see thy heart in me." *BG 4:35*
- "We are hard-wired to be insatiable wanting machines." Kent Berridge
- "Meditation is simple but not easy." *Munindraji*
- "Our minds are built to get used to stuff" *Laurie Santos*
- "We don’t realize our minds are built to get used to stuff" *Laurie Santos*
- It’s a gift. Lemonade.
- Freedom's edge is razor thin.
- Happiness is never expecting we will be happy again.
- Life is ultimately unsatisfactory [lottery winners].
- "A picture of a dog is not the dog." *Nannette*
- Sensual desire can be mistaken as romantic love.
- "When hungry eat, when tired sleep." *Zen proverb*
- "Pause." *Tara Brach*
- Thinking is suffering.
- The 4 Friends: Loving-kindness, equanimity, compassion, sympathetic joy.
- The 5 hindrances: sensual desire, ill will, sloth and torpor, restlessness and worry, and doubt.
- The 8 Worldly Winds: Praise and Blame, Gain and Loss, Success and Failure, Pleasure and Pain.
- "All experience is preceded by mind, led by mind, made by mind." *Gil Fronsdal's transl. Dhammadapa*
- "Consciousness is like a magic show" *Siddhartha Gautama*
- "This world arises from imagination... it is unreal." *Nagarjuna*
- "If you had everything you need, would you know?" *Tuere Sala*
- "When people see things as beautiful, ugliness is created. When people see things as good, evil is created." *John H. MacDonald's transl. Tao Te Ching*
- "The Tao is like an empty container: it can never be emptied and can never be filled." *John H. MacDonald's transl. Tao Te Ching*
- "We fashion wood for a house, but it is the emptiness inside that makes it livable." *John H. MacDonald's transl. Tao Te Ching*
- "Humanity follows the earth. Earth follows Heaven. Heaven follows the Tao. The Tao follows only itself." *John H. MacDonald's transl. Tao Te Ching*
